# Simple Survey Submission System (assessment)

## Functionality

This project includes functionality for the following abilities:
- Login with different accounts with roles
- Logout of current account
- View and search through a list of surveys (search by title and description)
- View survey questions and responses. These questions can be checkboxes, radio inputs, selects (options), and inputs of string, number and date. The only options are hardcoded for selects/radios.
- Submit responses to surveys. Currently only supports strings for everything.
- Ability to assign a user to a survey
- Basic authentication and permissions. Users will only be able to see surveys assigned to them.

## Caveats

Do to time constraints, I wasn't able to complete everything I wanted. This includes:
- Tests. I would never usually submit code without tests as I view them as an integral part of development. However, in the end I had to focus on getting a working product out the door.
- More fleshed out permissions/authentication/roles. This is only partially working as intended.
- Survey status. Not yet updating when surveys are submitted.
- Account creation. Accounts currently generated by seed data (see below for details).
- Survey creation. Currently generated by seed data but cannot be added on the frontend.
- Survey question creation. Currently generated by seed data but cannot be added on the frontend.
- Scalability concerns
- Environment variables and other deployment improvements
- Improved refactoring and documention to get the project in a better state for others

## Running Locally

Install dependencies on the backend:  
`bundle install`

Run the migration:
`rails db:migrate`

Install dependencies on the frontend:  
`cd frontend`  
`npm install`

Head back to the root directory:
`cd ..`

Seed db:  
`rails db:seed`

Start project:  
`foreman start -f Procfile.dev`

App should now be running at `http://localhost:5173/`

## Precreated Users to use

There are the following users generated when the database is seeded:
`admin@test.com` - has admin role  
`manager@test.com` - has manager role  
`first_user@test.com`  
`second_user@test.com`  
`another_user@test.com`  

The password for all of these is simply `password`
